Beethoven was the grandson of Lodewijk van Beethoven (1712–73), a musician who came from Mechelen in present-day Belgium who moved at the age of twenty to Bonn.

1. _, Beethoven, was the grandson of
2. was the grandson of, Lodewijk van Beethoven, (1712-73) a musician who came from
3. (1712-73) a musician who came from, Mechelen, in present-day
4. in present-day, Belgium, who moved at the age of twenty to
5. who moved at the age of twenty to, Bonn, _

Lodewijk van Beethoven was employed as a bass singer at the court of the Elector of Cologne, eventually rising to become Kapellmeister (music director).
1. _, Lodewijk van Beethoven, was employed as a bass singer at the court of the Elector of
2. was employed as a bass singer at the court of the Elector of, Cologne, eventually rising to become
3, eventually rising to become, Kapellmeister, music director.

Lodewijk van Beethoven had one son, Johann (1740–1792), who worked as a tenor in the same musical establishment, and gave lessons on piano and violin to supplement his income.
1. _,Lodewijk van Beethoven,had one son
2. had one son, Johann, (1740–1792), who worked as a tenor in the same musical establishment, and gave lessons on piano and violin to supplement his income

Some time after 1779, Beethoven began his studies with his most important teacher in Bonn, Christian Gottlob Neefe, who was appointed the Court's Organist in that year.

1. Some time after 1779,Beethoven,began his studies with his most important teacher in
2. began his studies with his most important teacher in,Bonn,_
3. _,Christian Gottlob Neefe,who was appointed the Court's Organist in that year

--Modified--
Some time after 1779, Beethoven began his studies with his most important teacher, Christian Gottlob Neefe, who was appointed the Court's Organist in that year in Bonn.
1. Some time after 1779,Beethoven,began his studies with his most important teacher
2. began his studies with his most important teacher, Christian Gottlob Neefe,who was appointed the Court's Organist in that year in
3. who was appointed the Court's Organist in that year in, Bonn, _
